# Problem 3.3.2

Monte Carlo methods, or Monte Carlo experiments, are a broad class of computational algorithms that rely on repeated random sampling to obtain numerical results. In principle, Monte Carlo methods can be used to solve any problem having a probabilistic interpretation. By the law of large numbers, integrals described by the expected value of some random variable can be approximated by taking the empirical mean (a.k.a. the sample mean) of independent samples of the variable.

Monte Carlo methods vary, but tend to follow a particular pattern: 
1. Define a domain of possible inputs
2. Generate inputs randomly from a probability distribution over the domain 
3. Perform a deterministic computation on the inputs 
4. Aggregate the results

For example, assume there are two circles, one inside another. 

To compute the area ratio of the small circle to the large circle, we can first randomly generate a lot of points in the large circle and then count how many are inside the small circle. 
If the number of points is great enough, the area ratio can be approximated by the number of points inside the small circle over the total number of points.

In a circular pond, there are ducks swimming happily. When there are 2 ducks, we can always find a half-circle in the pond that the ducks are both inside this half-circle. When there are 3 ducks, what is the possibility that we can find a half-circle that all three ducks are all inside it. When there are 4 ducks, what is the possibility?
Mathematically, we can either integrate the possibility or use the following analytical approach. Suppose there are n ducks. If all $n$ ducks are inside a half-circle, then there should be a duck such that if we create a radial coordinate system and mark the angle of this duck as 0, then the angle of all other ducks are in $[0, \pi)$. When $n > 1$, for the duck number $k = 2, 3, ..., n$, the possibility of this duck inside the half-circle $[0, \pi)$ is $1/2$. As a result, for each duck in the pond, the possibility that all other ducks are inside the half-circle defined as above is $(1/2)(n−1)$. For all n ducks, the possibility that one of these n ducks meets the above definition is $n * (1/2)(n−1)$.
- Write a function to compute the possibility that $n$ ducks are all inside a half-circle using the analytical solution.
- Write a function to compute the possibility that $n$ ducks are all inside a half-circle using Monte Carlo method.
- In one figure, plot the results from both functions for ```n = 2,3,4,5,6```.